gh-104282: Fix null pointer dereference in `lzma._decode_filter_properties` (#104283)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2023-05-08-09-30-00.gh-issue-104282.h4c6Eb.rst

> Fix use of uninitialized value in :func:`lzma._decode_filter_properties` due to improper handling of BCJ filters with properties of zero length. Patch by Radislav Chugunov.

Reviewer: It is not use of uninitialized value, it is null pointer dereference.
```suggestion
Fix null pointer dereference in :func:`lzma._decode_filter_properties`
due to improper handling of BCJ filters with properties of zero length.
Patch by Radislav Chugunov.
```
